hateful
I let him run away with 30,000 soldiers
It doesn't matter if we win two games in a row
And even took my brother away from the Duke's Mansion
Basically killed the guts of the young bird
It can be said that you guys succeeded
I just don't understand.
How did you know that the baby bird copied the back?
You'd better ask him that.
I really want to thank you this time, little brother.
It's good to be back safely.
Sophie has a question
You answer him.
Is it about the chick?
It's very simple.
I heard about their plot
I don't believe chicks can make such a low-level mistake
He certainly wouldn't make such a mistake.
But he thought he had sealed all my cultivation
And you're done.
But he didn't know.
Back then, I was making trouble with British law
Both ears experienced the baptism of heaven and earth spiritual energy
It has long been a tailwind ear
So you really overheard, right?
It's that simple.
Ono eat slowly
There's a lot more here
No, when can we see our mother?
I miss him.
Will I never see him again?
No no
You will see
Just not yet.
Ma Liang locked
Ma Liang A Liang Ma Liang